h1. User Pages extension for Radiant

h2. Installing

Install as you would any other extension, using git modules (assuming you're in your app's root directory):

bc. git add git://github.com/jasiek/radiant-user_pages-extension.git vendor/extensions/user_pages

Pull in the contents of the submodule.

bc. git submodule init && git submodule update

Migrate the database.

bc. rake radiant:extensions:user_pages:migrate

h2. Using

Every page-user combination has four permissions that can be toggled. By default, administrators have all permissions switched on by default, and this is not visible in the permissions pane. This extension allows you to control the following actions per user:

* creating a new subpage
* deleting a page
* updating the contents of the page
* changing permissions

The functionality described above is implemented using Active Record observers, and an exception is thrown whenever an action that is not permitted has been attempted.

h2. License

This software is made available under the MIT License.

Copyright (C) 2011 by Jan Szumiec

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
